All right welcome back to New numeral system.
So we're going to be taking in a letter as our and put your expected return back this array of characters
with the plus value between them.
Now that's that's what our objective here is based off based off our letter.
Go ahead and find the value from a to that letter and then come in for both sides then B then f c then
the.
And then finally D and D and then stop and return that array.
The two hands I have for you is the string method char code.
And then the static method here string from Char code.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right so the way that I solve this and you're going to need to have a little bit of insight into
how ascii values work and what that's really what this is.
This algorithm specifically is about getting familiar with strings and manipulating them as if they
were integers.
So when I saw this was I created a array because we have to store our values very.
I just called these numerals and this is going to be a string.
And when you initialize it to an empty array and at the end here we're going to return nine numerals.
Cool.
So I'm going to create a well I called the start char count value which is going to be initialized to
65 and you might be saying and why read initialising star Tarth count 265.
Well mainly because that is what is in the ask in the in the char count value in the ascii diary.
So we can start there and we're going to increment upwards and downwards on each iteration until our
char count is not less than our and char count so or is less than r in Arkansas.
And Char count and we're going initialized and char count equal to the number we're passing in char
code at and then index 0.
All right.
So that's essentially taking the first character and this is only one character in here.
It's a string.
And then we call it number meaning that char code value out of out of it.
Now why we have that we have essentially all our set of.
Now it's a matter of coming up with the right while loop because we don't know how many iterations we're
going to have sorgen say Wall start char count is less than or equal to because remember we had D and
D-plus see and that what that's y is less than or equal to and char count is our logic there.
And now all we need to do is go ahead and create our numeral
to push to it and we're going to just feel like we're back to X.
You don't have to store this in a variable.
I found a little bit easier to read.
So where just a string dot from charcoal that's going to actually give us the value the that's going
to take the number and give us the string.
So if a 65 and we pass and sixty five here and what we're going to pass in is to start our count it's
going to go ahead and give us a value there.
And then we're going to put a space then plus we can do this one more time with dosimeter.
So now we're going to do the opposite end of things.
So you know all over the place.
We're going to the opposite.
We're going to get the string from charcoal.
Except now it's going to be the end shark out at this point.
All we have to do is define.
All right.
They just behind.
At this point we're just going to push two new our new Merrell two numerals and then we just have to
Inkerman and decrement our items properly so a for loop break.
So each iteration we want to increase or start Chaar count and each iteration we want to decrement our
other Charka.
And then you see we have our values here really in this wasn't too bad of one.
The hard part for me was just going in and sort of becoming more familiar with Char code at and from
Charka things I knew existed but I haven't quite I haven't used in quite some time.
So it's good to get that little bit of a refresher.
Those Phrynichus the.